config : specify default about optimization.nodeEnv (#3931)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/optimization.md

};
```

> T> When [mode](/configuration/mode/) is to `none`, `optimization.nodeEnv` defaults to `false`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> When [mode](/configuration/mode/) is set to `none`, `optimization.nodeEnv` defaults to `false`. 
```
```suggestion
T> When [mode](/configuration/mode/) is `none`, `optimization.nodeEnv` defaults to `false`. 
```

> T> When [mode](/configuration/mode/) is to `none`, `optimization.nodeEnv` defaults to `false`. 

Reviewer 2: string is missing quotes (yeah and "set")
```suggestion
T> When [mode](/configuration/mode/) is set to `'none'`, `optimization.nodeEnv` defaults to `false`. 
```
